README.md, before:

# Frontend Boilerplate with Auth

Includes Typescript, React, Mobx, Material UI, and Okta

Forked from: [react-redux-typescript-boilerplate](https://github.com/rokoroku/react-redux-typescript-boilerplate)

## Contains

- [x] [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) 2.8.3
- [x] [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) 16.3
- [x] [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router) 4.3
- [x] [Mobx](https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx)
- [x] [Mobx React](https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx-react)
- [x] [Mobx React Router](https://github.com/alisd23/mobx-react-router/)
- [x] [Mobx React Devtools](https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx-react-devtools)
- [x] [Okta React](https://github.com/okta/okta-oidc-js/tree/master/packages/okta-react)
- [x] [Material UI](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui)

### Build tools

- [x] [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io) 4
  - [x] [Tree Shaking](https://webpack.js.org/guides/tree-shaking/)
  - [x] [Webpack Dev Server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server)
- [x] [Typescript Loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader)
- [x] [PostCSS Loader](https://github.com/postcss/postcss-loader)
  - [x] [CSS next](https://github.com/MoOx/postcss-cssnext)
  - [x] [CSS modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
- [x] [React Hot Loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader)
- [x] [ExtractText Plugin](https://github.com/webpack/extract-text-webpack-plugin)
- [x] [HTML Webpack Plugin](https://github.com/ampedandwired/html-webpack-plugin)


## Setup

```
$ npm install
```

## Running

```
$ npm start
```

## Build

```
$ npm run build
```

## Code Format

```
$ npm run prettier
```

# License

MIT

Commit message:

Initial commit for Identity Secret React

README.md, after:

# Identity Secret React

Identity Secret is an app that allows a user to manage an Identity with Attributes and allow Services to verify those Attributes without revealing the Identity.

Forked from: [frontend-with-auth-boilerplate](https://github.com/nmyers322/frontend-with-auth-boilerplate)

## Contains

- [x] [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) 2.8.3
- [x] [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) 16.3
- [x] [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router) 4.3
- [x] [Mobx](https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx)
- [x] [Mobx React](https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx-react)
- [x] [Mobx React Router](https://github.com/alisd23/mobx-react-router/)
- [x] [Mobx React Devtools](https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx-react-devtools)
- [x] [Okta React](https://github.com/okta/okta-oidc-js/tree/master/packages/okta-react)
- [x] [Material UI](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui)

### Build tools

- [x] [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io) 4
  - [x] [Tree Shaking](https://webpack.js.org/guides/tree-shaking/)
  - [x] [Webpack Dev Server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server)
- [x] [Typescript Loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader)
- [x] [PostCSS Loader](https://github.com/postcss/postcss-loader)
  - [x] [CSS next](https://github.com/MoOx/postcss-cssnext)
  - [x] [CSS modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
- [x] [React Hot Loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader)
- [x] [ExtractText Plugin](https://github.com/webpack/extract-text-webpack-plugin)
- [x] [HTML Webpack Plugin](https://github.com/ampedandwired/html-webpack-plugin)


## Setup

```
$ npm install
```

## Running

```
$ npm start
```

## Build

```
$ npm run build
```

## Code Format

```
$ npm run prettier
```

# License

MIT
